h2. DESCRIPTION AND MOTIVATION:

Tool to generate cheat sheet of "gedit's snippets":http://live.gnome.org/Gedit/Plugins/Snippets .

Gedit's snippets are personal files that you can change any time, and now, you can have your "custom" cheat sheet any time too.

h2. INSTALLATION:

@sudo gem install rogerleite-gedit-snippets-tool -s http://gems.github.com@

h2. USAGE

To generate a cheat sheet with all your snippets:<br>
@gedit-snippets-tool -cs > ~/mycheatsheet.xhtml@

To generate a cheat sheet with all your snippets that starts with "ruby":<br>
@gedit-snippets-tool -cs ruby* > ~/mycheatsheet.xhtml@

After that, you can access you new brand cheat sheet at your home folder.

**IMPORTANT:** gedit-snippets-tool reads your "{home-folder}/.gnome2/gedit/snippets/" folder. I noticed that default use of snippet plugin uses "/usr/share/gedit-2/plugins/snippets/" folder. So please, with you want to generate your cheat sheets, copy the contents from "/usr/share/gedit-2/plugins/snippets/" to "{home-folder}/.gnome2/gedit/snippets/". Thanks!

h2. LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 FIX

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

